Suspect edge angle command line flags are reversed.
i.e. '-d' Detect edges with angle between two adjacent faces LARGER than NUM degrees.
i.e. '-e' Detect edges with angle between two adjacent faces SMALLER than NUM degrees.


July2009
Meshalyzer needs octree from meshmorph.
Discovered this using ciliary ganglion model.
Most of mcell-type space partitions were consumed
by empty interior of post and pre. Overall
size of model imposed lower limit on partition size.
Consequently distribution of faces per paritition
was bimodal - 0 or > 300. Not good. Very slow.

Apr2009
vague recollection that boundaries are not counted or reported correctly
Also doubt that face intersections between different objects works.
move object area to spot above object volume

Feb 13 2009
Add option to detect and report faces with zero area.
Use get_opt_long


Not sure if face aspect ratio threshold should
suggest changing faces to decrease ratio.

Apr2008
Old observation - suspect countBoundaries is inaccurate.
It is intended to count the number of separate boundary loops,
i.e. collections of contiguous open edges (edges with only one adjacent face)

Feb 2008
not printing all adjacent faces of nonmanifold edge.
For example just prints two adjacent faces but omits two others
when edge has four adjacent faces.

Dec 2007
1. meshalyzer segfaults if face vertex index is larger than max vertex index
2. 'meshalyzer -a -p directory' runs forever
3. 'meshalyzer -a file' behaves oddly
4. meshalyzer fails on some meshes in 'examples' directory

June 2007
1. Consider using half-edge data structure
	see http://www.openmesh.org/
2. The Euler-Poincare formula for computing genus only assumes that the mesh be orientable. Currently, the mesh is required to be oriented.
3. For multiple-component objects, compute and report of each component.
4. Many of the functions used in meshalyzer were borrowed from meshmorph.
	Yet, the bug fixes from meshmorph have not been applied to meshalyzer.
	Update meshalzyer to latest version of meshmorph.

Oct 2007
1. false negative on isOutward test for some meshes
2. Check accuracy of boundaries and clarify the output.
3. Compute genus of each component
4. If DIRECTORY, output genus info as stats with hitogram
5. accept from STDIN and write to STDOUT
6. Add option for binary output for single file or directory
	return 0 or 1 to signal goodness of data
	alternatively, use mesh is good or mesh is not good
7. Add option to analyze directory as independent mesh files.
8. Replace use of char with string to avoid specifying a filename size.
	use std::string not char* OR check strlen before strcpy
9. Run out of memory before all objects are loaded for '-i' option. Slow and memory hog.
10. add 'const' everywhere applicable
11. Add threshold for everything, e.g. face area
13. print to stdout 'Creating __ subvolumes (__,__,__ per axis)
